Update documentation for the gaia query object (#1760) (#1871)
astropy/astroquery: docs/gaia/gaia.rst

                                            ...
  --------------------- ------------------- ... --------------------
  0.0026034636994048854 1635721458409799680 ...
  0.0038518741347606357 1635721458409799680 ...
    0.00454542650096783 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.005613919443965546 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.005846434715822121 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.006209042666371929 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.007469463683838576 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.008202004514524316 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.008338509690874027 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.008406677772258921 1635721458409799680 ...
                    ...                 ... ...                  ...
    0.01943176697471851 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.019464719601172412 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.019467068628703368 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.019752561500226976 1635721458409799680 ...
    0.01991656886177004 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.020149589233310516 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.020307185970548904 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.020454730686780127 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.020802655215768254 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.021615117161838747 1635721458409799680 ...
  Length = 50 rows

> The query returns a result containing 50 rows by default. The number of rows returned can be controlled by setting ``Gaia.ROW_LIMIT`` appropriately.

Reviewer: Maybe factor out the default value as if it changes, it's difficult to catch in the narrative docs 

```suggestion
Queries return a limited number of rows controlled by ``Gaia.ROW_LIMIT``. To change the default behaviour set this appropriately. 
```

.. code-block:: python

  >>> Gaia.ROW_LIMIT = 8
  >>> r = Gaia.query_object_async(coordinate=coord, width=width, height=height)
  >>> r.pprint()

           dist             solution_id     ... epoch_photometry_url
                                            ...
  --------------------- ------------------- ... --------------------
  0.0026034636994048854 1635721458409799680 ...
  0.0038518741347606357 1635721458409799680 ...
    0.00454542650096783 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.005613919443965546 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.005846434715822121 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.006209042666371929 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.007469463683838576 1635721458409799680 ...
   0.008202004514524316 1635721458409799680 ...

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add an additional example for unlimited number of rows.

E.g. work the test from here: https://github.com/astropy/astroquery/blob/master/astroquery/gaia/tests/test_gaia_remote.py#L24 into an example
